.bumpversion.cfg
.cookiecutterrc
.coveragerc
.editorconfig
.pre-commit-config.yaml
.readthedocs.yml
AUTHORS.rst
CHANGELOG.rst
CONTRIBUTING.rst
LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.rst
pyproject.toml
pytest.ini
setup.py
tox.ini
.github/workflows/github-actions.yml
ci/bootstrap.py
ci/requirements.txt
ci/templates/.github/workflows/github-actions.yml
docs/authors.rst
docs/changelog.rst
docs/conf.py
docs/contributing.rst
docs/index.rst
docs/modules.rst
docs/readme.rst
docs/requirements.txt
docs/spelling_wordlist.txt
docs/xbrl_us.rst
docs/xbrl_us.schemas.rst
docs/xbrl_us.utils.rst
docs/build/.buildinfo
docs/build/authors.html
docs/build/changelog.html
docs/build/contributing.html
docs/build/genindex.html
docs/build/index.html
docs/build/modules.html
docs/build/objects.inv
docs/build/py-modindex.html
docs/build/readme.html
docs/build/search.html
docs/build/searchindex.js
docs/build/xbrl_us.html
docs/build/xbrl_us.schemas.html
docs/build/xbrl_us.utils.html
docs/build/.doctrees/authors.doctree
docs/build/.doctrees/changelog.doctree
docs/build/.doctrees/contributing.doctree
docs/build/.doctrees/environment.pickle
docs/build/.doctrees/index.doctree
docs/build/.doctrees/modules.doctree
docs/build/.doctrees/readme.doctree
docs/build/.doctrees/xbrl_us.doctree
docs/build/.doctrees/xbrl_us.schemas.doctree
docs/build/.doctrees/xbrl_us.utils.doctree
docs/build/.doctrees/reference/index.doctree
docs/build/.doctrees/reference/xbrl_us.doctree
docs/build/_modules/index.html
docs/build/_modules/xbrl_us/cli.html
docs/build/_modules/xbrl_us/xbrl_us.html
docs/build/_modules/xbrl_us/schemas/concept_details.html
docs/build/_modules/xbrl_us/schemas/dimension_details.html
docs/build/_modules/xbrl_us/utils/exceptions.html
docs/build/_modules/xbrl_us/utils/fields.html
docs/build/_modules/xbrl_us/utils/paramters.html
docs/build/_sources/authors.rst.txt
docs/build/_sources/changelog.rst.txt
docs/build/_sources/contributing.rst.txt
docs/build/_sources/index.rst.txt
docs/build/_sources/modules.rst.txt
docs/build/_sources/readme.rst.txt
docs/build/_sources/xbrl_us.rst.txt
docs/build/_sources/xbrl_us.schemas.rst.txt
docs/build/_sources/xbrl_us.utils.rst.txt
docs/build/_sources/reference/index.rst.txt
docs/build/_sources/reference/xbrl_us.rst.txt
docs/build/_static/basic.css
docs/build/_static/check-solid.svg
docs/build/_static/clipboard.min.js
docs/build/_static/copy-button.svg
docs/build/_static/copybutton.css
docs/build/_static/copybutton.js
docs/build/_static/copybutton_funcs.js
docs/build/_static/debug.css
docs/build/_static/doctools.js
docs/build/_static/documentation_options.js
docs/build/_static/file.png
docs/build/_static/language_data.js
docs/build/_static/minus.png
docs/build/_static/plus.png
docs/build/_static/pygments.css
docs/build/_static/searchtools.js
docs/build/_static/skeleton.css
docs/build/_static/sphinx_highlight.js
docs/build/_static/scripts/furo-extensions.js
docs/build/_static/scripts/furo.js
docs/build/_static/scripts/furo.js.LICENSE.txt
docs/build/_static/scripts/furo.js.map
docs/build/_static/styles/furo-extensions.css
docs/build/_static/styles/furo-extensions.css.map
docs/build/_static/styles/furo.css
docs/build/_static/styles/furo.css.map
docs/build/reference/index.html
docs/build/reference/xbrl_us.html
docs/reference/index.rst
docs/reference/xbrl_us.rst
src/xbrl_us/.DS_Store
src/xbrl_us/__init__.py
src/xbrl_us/__main__.py
src/xbrl_us/cli.py
src/xbrl_us/xbrl_us.py
src/xbrl_us.egg-info/PKG-INFO
src/xbrl_us.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
src/xbrl_us.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
src/xbrl_us.egg-info/entry_points.txt
src/xbrl_us.egg-info/not-zip-safe
src/xbrl_us.egg-info/requires.txt
src/xbrl_us.egg-info/top_level.txt
src/xbrl_us/methods/assertion search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/assertion validate.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/concept name search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/concept search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/cube search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/dimension search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/document search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/dts id concept label.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/dts id concept name.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/dts id concept reference.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/dts id concept search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/dts id network search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/dts id network.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/dts search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/entity id report search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/entity id.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/entity report search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/entity search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/fact id.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/fact search oim.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/fact search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/label dts id search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/label search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/network id relationship search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/network id.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/network relationship search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/relationship search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/relationship tree search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/report fact search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/report id delete.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/report id fact search.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/report id.yml
src/xbrl_us/methods/report search.yml
src/xbrl_us/schemas/__init__.py
src/xbrl_us/schemas/assertion_details.py
src/xbrl_us/schemas/concept_details.py
src/xbrl_us/schemas/cube_details.py
src/xbrl_us/schemas/dimension_details.py
src/xbrl_us/schemas/document_details.py
src/xbrl_us/schemas/dts_details.py
src/xbrl_us/schemas/entity_details.py
src/xbrl_us/schemas/fact_details.py
src/xbrl_us/schemas/label_details.py
src/xbrl_us/schemas/network_details.py
src/xbrl_us/schemas/relationship_details.py
src/xbrl_us/schemas/report_details.py
src/xbrl_us/utils/__init__.py
src/xbrl_us/utils/exceptions.py
src/xbrl_us/utils/fields.py
src/xbrl_us/utils/paramters.py
tests/test_xbrl_us.py